1). What is software? What is software engineering?
Ans :- Software is considered to be collection of executable programming code, 
         associated libraries and documentations. Software, when made for a specific requirement is called
         software product. Engineering on the other hand, is all about developing products, 
...         using well-defined, scientific principles and methods.


2).Explain types of Software ?
Ans :- The two main categories of software are application software and system software. 
         An application is software that fulfills a specific need or performs tasks. 
       System software is designed to run a computer's hardware and provides a platform for applications to run on top of.

3).What is SDLC? Explain each phase of SDLC
Ans  :-  SDLC consists of various phases, such as planning, design, coding,
           testing, and deployment, while PDLC includes additional phases, such as market research,
           product planning, and marketing.
           
            The 7 Phases Of SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle)
	* Stage 1: Project Planning. ...
	* Stage 2: Gathering Requirements & Analysis. ...
	* Stage 3: Design. ...
	* Stage 4: Coding or Implementation. ...
	* Stage 5: Testing. ...
	* Stage 6: Deployment. ...
	* Stage 7: Maintenance.

4).What is  DFD ?  Create a DFD diagram on Flipkart.
ANS :- Data flow diagram (DFD) is a diagram being used frequently in software design. 
          It visually represents the flow of data throughout processes in a given system. 
         DFD shows the kind of information that will be input to and output from processes as well as where the data will be stored.

5)What is Flow chart? Create a flowchart to make addition of two numbers
ANS  :- A flowchart is a picture of the separate steps of a process in sequential order. 
           It is a generic tool that can be adapted for a wide variety of purposes, and can be used to describe various processes, 
          such as a manufacturing process, an administrative or service process, or a project plan.

---->	Types of flowcharts:
	*   Process flowchart.
	*  Decision flowchart.
	*  Workflow flowchart.
	*  Swimlane flowchart.
	*  Use case flowchart.
	*  EPC flowchart.
	*  System or program flowchart.
	*  Data or document flowchart.



6) What is Use Case Diagram?
Ans :- Use-case diagrams describe the high-level functions and scope of a system.
 These diagrams also identify the interactions between the system and its actors. 
The use cases and actors in use-case diagrams describe 
what the system does and how the actors use it, but not how the system operates internally.